The provided codes consist of codes for reproducing all experiments in paper "Online Missing Value Imputation and Change Point Detection with the Gaussian Copula". All used synthetic and real world datasets are also provided.

## Software preparation 

For Python, run `pip install gcimpute==0.0.1` to install the `gcimpute` package that implements all Gaussian copula algorithms. 

For Matlab, add the current fold and all its subfolders to your working path. The [online KFMC code](https://github.com/jicongfan/Online-high-rank-matrix-completion) and [grouse code](http://web.eecs.umich.edu/~girasole/?p=110) are slightly modified from authors' provided codes. 

Bayesian online change point detection implementattion requires [R package ocp](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ocp/index.html).

## Reproduction

To reproduce the results for offline synthetic experiments, use `EM_sim_offline.py` and `grouse_KFMC_sim_offline.m`.

To reproduce the results for online synthetic experiments, use `EM_sim_online.py` and `grouse_KFMC_sim_offline.m,`.

To reproduce the results for offline read-data experiments, use `EM_movielens.py` and `grouse_KFMC_movielens.m`.

To reproduce the results for online real-data experiments, use `EM_stocks.py` and `grouse_KFMC_stocks.m`.

## Datasets
All used datasets are saved in `SimData` and `RealData`. The simulation data can be re-generated by running `python write_data.py` in the terminal. The stocks data can be re-generated by running the R script `get_stocks_data.R`.

## Results
All results are saved under directory Results. The users can replicate those results using the instructuions in Section Reproduction. The notebook `plots.ipynb` reproduces plots in the paper.